Feature: Health checks windows service (#13388)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/ecs/configuration-reference.mdx

| `method` | `string` | optional | Specifies the HTTP method to be used for an HTTP check. When no value is specified, `GET` is used.  |
| `name` | `string` | optional | The name of the check.  |
| `notes` | `string` | optional | Specifies arbitrary information for humans. This is not used by Consul internally.  |

> | `os_service` | `string` | optional | Specifies an `OS Service` check. Must be the name of the service which status will be checked every `interval`.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `os_service` | `string` | optional | Specifies the name of a service on which to perform an [OS service check](/docs/discovery/checks#osservice-check). The check runs according the frequency specified in the `interval` parameter.  |
```
